Update README.md (#1482)
poteto/hiring-without-whiteboards: README.md

- [SaleCycle](https://www.salecycle.com/careers) | Durham, UK; Brighton, UK | Phone screen, face-to-face discussion with developers, optional pairing session and discussion
- [Salesfive](https://www.salesfive.com/jobs) | Munich, Germany; Berlin, Germany | Phone screen, Phone Interview with developer to discuss code and challenges, Take home challenge if necessary. Onsite visit
- [Salesloft](https://salesloft.com) | Atlanta, GA | Phone interview, take-home project, cultural-fit interview, technical interview where candidate modifies take-home project

> - [Saltoks](https://www.my-clay.com/careers) | Amsterdam, Netherlands | Phone interview with the recruiter, Second Round Technical Discussion with the team over work and Third Round (if second round is cleared), a take home assignment.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be Salto?

```suggestion
- [Salto](https://saltosystems.com/en/join-salto/) | Amsterdam, Netherlands | Phone interview with the recruiter, Second Round Technical Discussion with the team over work and Third Round (if second round is cleared), a take home assignment.
```

Author: When you click on the company, and choose careers, it takes to the clay page (which is the startup which was occupied), the call from recruiter came since I applied from there, not from the page you have mentioned. 
Not sure if the suggestion will help those seeking role.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e784f841-9527-4845-aa52-03ef4408b360)
